


<h1><a name="changelog" id="changelog">Changelog</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
 [April 04, 2007] Results for <a href="/courses/cs667-2007/spamproject/doku.php?id=smtp_path_length" class="wikilink2" title="smtp_path_length">path length histogram</a> added.
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] snapshot 5 created in <code>/storage/projects/spamproject/snapshot.5</code>
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] <em>pathlen_plugin</em> disabled. Not clear when to suspect a message is a spam.
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] Added a function to use the first IP outside Hopkins (<code>128.220.0.0, 162.129.0.0, 10.0.0.0, 192.168.0.0</code>). Currently used by <em>ip_heuristic</em> and <em>dnsbl_plugin</em>.
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] Moved code to &ldquo;skip&rdquo; blaze ip from <em>exim_local_scan</em> to <em>ip_search</em> and upgraded to skip all local ips.  <em>exim_local_scan</em> no longer does this automatically, each interested plugin must do so. 
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] Promoted fix for excluding 127.0.0.1 from <em>ip_heuristic</em> to <em>exim_local_scan</em>
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] <em>pathlen_heuristic</em> added
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] Small change in <em>ip_heuristic</em> to exclude <code>127.0.0.1</code> (bounce messages from commedia).
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] Fixed a bug in <em>exim_local_scan.py</em>. When the connecting server was blaze, we considered the initiator instead of the second IP from the <acronym title="Simple Mail Transfer Protocol">SMTP</acronym> path. 
</p>

<p>
[April 03, 2007] Fixed a bug in <em>dnsbl_plugin</em>. All the previously marked messages were wrong :).
</p>

<p>
[April 02, 2007] Added the ability to mark messages only for specific users.
</p>

<p>
[April 02, 2007] <em>ip_heuristic</em>, <em>host_plugin</em> and <em>dnsbl_plugin</em> added.
</p>

<p>
[March 26, 2007] Added the ability to use user-based SpamAssassin score. 
</p>

</div>
