Submitting a project for the Intermediate Programming course consists of the
following two steps:

(1) create a .tar file that encompasses all of the files you will be submitting
(2) email the .tar file to us at amir220@cs.jhu.edu

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(1) Creating a .tar file:

Before you begin, MAKE A BACKUP! It's very easy to overwrite your work if you
get these commands wrong.

Recall the command to copy a file:
cp projectX.c projectX_backup.c

(a) To make a tar file out of all of the files you want to submit do this:

tar -cvf tarfile.tar submittedfile1 submittedfile2 submittedfile3

For example, it could be something like:

tar -cvf AmyBabay_ProjectX.tar design.txt results.txt projectX.c

Here, c means "create", f means "file", v means "verbose" (ie, it will list all
the files it puts in). "tarfile" is the name of the resulting tar file.

* Please name it something unique to you, like YourName_ProjectX.tar *

Note that it is important that you put the name of the tarfile that you want to
create (eg. AmyBabay_ProjectX.tar) first. If you forget to do this, you will
overwrite the first file in the list of files.

(b) To look at the contents of a tar file (to check that your work is in
there), do this:

tar -tvf tarfile.tar

If you still have questions, try "man tar" to look at the man page for tar.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(2) Emailing the tar file to us: There are two main options for getting us your
submission.

(a) The easiest thing to do is email your YourName_ProjectX.tar file
directly from your ugrad account. This can be done by typing the following
commands:

From the folder which contains your YourName_ProjectX.tar file, type the
following command:

mailx -a YourName_ProjectX.tar amir220@cs.jhu.edu

Then you will be asked for a subject of the email. Type the subject: "ProjectX
Submission by YourName" and press enter. Then you will just get the cursor to
go to a new line. This is where the body of the email goes. Then, either type .
and a new line, or press CTRL+D to end the email.

Note that you can also use this method to email your work to yourself by using
your own email address rather than amir220@cs.jhu.edu.

NOTE: Our submission system sends a confirmation email to the email address
that the submission was sent from. If you use the above method, you will
probably want to forward email received in your ugrad account to an account
that you actually read. To do this, set up a .forward file by using the
following command:

vim ~/.forward

Type the email address you want to forward your mail to on the first line and
save the file.

(b) Another option is to transfer the YourName_ProjectX.tar file from your
ugrad account to your local machine, and then email amir220@cs.jhu.edu from
your local machine. You can transfer the file using scp (Linux / Mac OSX) or
WinSCP (Windows)

(i) If using Windows, download WinSCP ( http://winscp.net/ ) and install. The
login process is very similar to PUTTY. The host is ugrad#.cs.jhu.edu (where #
can be any of the valid ugrad machines, i.e. 1-24), and the username/password
is your ugrad account/password. Then, you will see your ugrad home directory on
the right and your laptop's local directories on the left. Simply navigate to
the YourName_ProjectX.tar file on the ugrad machine and drag and drop it where
it should go on your laptop. Then, you can email with the YourName_ProjectX.tar
file as an attachment.

(ii) If using Mac/Linux, you can just open up a terminal and use the scp
command (described below). Make sure that you are NOT ssh'd into the ugrad
machines in that terminal. You want to just open the native terminal on
your laptop. The scp works in the following way:

scp username@ugrad#.cs.jhu.edu:<location of your file> <location to put file>

In this command, <location of your file> is where you normally navigate to get
to the file from your ugrad home directory, and <location to put file> is where
you want to save the file on your laptop (possibly the desktop?). You will also
be prompted for you ugrad account password. Here's an example:

scp ipa00@ugrad2.cs.jhu.edu:ProjectX/YourName_ProjectX.tar ~/Desktop/YourName_ProjectX.tar

If you have any questions about submission, you can email us at cs220-help@dsn.jhu.edu.
